1. Where is Legolas from?
                    
                    a. Mirkwood
                    b. Fangorn Forest
                    c. Lothlorian
                    d. Rivendell
                    
                    correct answer: C. Mirkwood
                    context: Legolas, son of Thranduil the king of the woodland realm of Northern Mirkwood, was born 
                    in Mirkwood although his exact birth date is unknown.

2. how many Uruk-Hai fought in the battle for Helms Deep? 

                    correct answer: 20,000
                    contect: In the battle for Helms Deep, also known as the battle of the Hornburg, an army of 20000 
                    troops, constructed by Saruman, marched against the kingdom of Rohan. The army consisted of 10,000 Uruk-Hai
                    5,000 orcs and 5,000 Dunlendings. 

3. What is Gollums original name?
                    
                    a. Marcho
                    b. Deagol
                    c. Smeagol
                    d. Falco

                    correct answer: C. Smeagol
                    context: In the time of the Lord of the Rings the creature Gollum was only known to be under that name. 
                    But once Gollum had another name. Gollum was once known as Smeagol, a hobbit. Once obtaining the ring
                    of power and killing his cousin Deagol, Smeagol was tortured and had his mind broken by the power of 
                    the ring of power

4. How many wizards are there in middle earth?
                    
                    a. 2
                    b. 4
                    c. 5
                    d. 6
                    
                    correct answer: C. 5
                    context: There were known to be 5 wizards in middle earth. Radagast the Brown, Saruman the White, 
                    Gandalf the Grey, and the two blue wizards who names are unknown

5. Is this a quote from Boromir? 
                    
                    1 for true 0 for false.
                    
                    "It is a strange fate 
                    that we should suffer so much
                    fear and doubt over so small a thing ... 
                    such a little thing"

                    correct answer: 1 True
                    context: This quote was said by Boromir when Frodo had fallen over on a snowy hill and the ring
                    had fallen off his neck. Boromir picked up the ring and had the ring taken back and given to 
                    Fordo and Boromir then said this quote.

6. Sauron made 4 rings of power for the elves. 
                    
                    1 for true 0 for false

                    correct answer: 0 False
                    contect: There were only 3 rings of power made for the wizards.

7. What is the first voice you hear in the Fellowship of the Ring?
                    
                    a. Frodo
                    b. Gandalf
                    c. Galadriel
                    d. bilbo

                    correct answer: C. Galadriel
                    context: In the opening of the movie, The Fellowship of the Ring, The first voice you hear is
                    the voice of Galadriel

8. Who killed the Witch King?
                    
                    a. Eowyn
                    b. Theoden
                    c. Pippin
                    d. Arwen

                    correct answer: A. Eowyn
                    context: Eowyn was fighting in the battle of Minas Tirith and had seen her king, Theoden, attacked
                    by the witch king. She then went and battled the witch king and with the help of the hobbit Pippin, 
                    she was able to take the final blow on the witch king.

9. How many rings of power were made?

                    correct answer: 20
                    context: There were in total 20 rings of power made by Saruman. 9 were made for the race of men, 7 
                    for the dwarf lords, 3 for the elves, and the 1 ring of power.

10. How many people were in the fellowship of the ring?
                    
                    a. 7
                    b. 9
                    c. 10
                    d. 11     

                    correct answer: B. 9     
                    context: The fellowship of the ring, which was assembled in Rivendell, had 9 members. Aragorn, Legolas,
                    Gimli, Mary, Pippin, Frodo, Sam, Boromir, and Gandalf.     